feature: Adds details on using CITATION.cff (#1021)
swcarpentry/git-novice: episodes/12-citation.md

no "umbrella" citation like a paper or book exists for the project you want to
make citable.

Finally you may wish to include citation information in a [Citation File Format
(`CITATION.cff`)](https://citation-file-format.github.io/) which are standardized human and machine readable citation
information for software and datasets. If you host your repository on GitHub this information is automatically linked
and rendered on the repository page and a BibTeX snippet is provided which users can copy and paste making it easy for
your project to be cited. Further there is integration with both Zenodo and Zotero.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

A [chapter of The Turing Way](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/communication/citable/citable-cite#citing-software) provides more detail on how you can use CFF files to make your software citable.

```

no "umbrella" citation like a paper or book exists for the project you want to
make citable.

> Finally you may wish to include citation information in a [Citation File Format

Reviewer 2: I find this a little vague. "you may wish" why exactly? What is the difference compared to CITATION.txt?

Reviewer 2: I like how you explained it to me in this comment, it's more explicit and pedagogical than the description in the lesson. However, I think this whole episode should be reorganized a bit, so it's ok for now.

> Finally you may wish to include citation information in a [Citation File Format
> (`CITATION.cff`)](https://citation-file-format.github.io/) which are standardized human and machine readable citation
> information for software and datasets. If you host your repository on GitHub this information is automatically linked
> and rendered on the repository page and a BibTeX snippet is provided which users can copy and paste making it easy for
> your project to be cited. Further there is integration with both Zenodo and Zotero.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Finally, you may wish to include citation information in a [Citation File Format
(`CITATION.cff`)](https://citation-file-format.github.io/). CFF files are standardized human and machine readable citation
information files for software and datasets. If you host your repository on GitHub, this information is automatically linked
and rendered on the repository page and a BibTeX snippet is provided, which users can copy and paste, making it easy for
your project to be cited. Further, integration with both Zenodo and Zotero is supported.
```
I added a few commas and tried to improve the flow.

A [chapter of The Turing Way](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/communication/citable/citable-cite#citing-software) provides more detail on how you can use CFF files to make your software citable.

You can use the [cff-init](https://citation-file-format.github.io/cff-initializer-javascript/#/) website to easily
create and update a `CITATION.cff` file.

> 

Reviewer 2: If the format is very different, should we provide an example of a cff file as well?

Author: Could perhaps update this repositories [CITATION](https://github.com/swcarpentry/git-novice/blob/main/CITATION) to the CFF format to serve as an example and link to it. Perhaps address as a separate issue?

Reviewer 2: Yes, if you could make a cff for this lesson it would be great please.

Reviewer: If you would like an alternative, I can offer [the CFF for the Collaborative Lesson Development Training curriculum](https://github.com/carpentries/lesson-development-training/blob/main/CITATION.cff), which we are doing our best to keep up to date.

Reviewer 2: Ah, sorry. I forget the status of things after a while.
I can merge this if you want, but I think, to be honest, that this episode is not really usable at this stage, and should be mostly rewritten  eventually.
